docs: suggestion for compose spec intro (#8)
cdrage/podman-desktop: website/docs/compose/compose-spec.md

---
title: Compose specification with Podman Desktop
sidebar_position: 1
---

Podman Desktop supports the [Compose specification](https://compose-spec.io).

With Podman Desktop, you can create and manage multi-container applications defined in Compose files.

### Procedure

1. You have a Compose file.
1. You run a Compose engine on the Compose file:

>    - [Compose](https://github.com/docker/compose): The Go reference implementation.

Author: ```suggestion
   - [Compose](https://github.com/docker/compose): The Go reference implementation. Podman Desktop can install the engine.
```

>    - [Podman Compose](https://github.com/containers/podman-compose): Alternative Python implementation with native Podman integration. Podman Desktop can install and run the engine.

Author: ```suggestion
   - [Compose](https://github.com/docker/compose): The Go reference implementation.
   - [Podman Compose](https://github.com/containers/podman-compose): Alternative Python implementation with native Podman integration.
```

---
title: Compose specification with Podman Desktop
sidebar_position: 1
---

Podman Desktop supports the [Compose specification](https://compose-spec.io).

With Podman Desktop, you can create and manage multi-container applications defined in Compose files.

### Procedure

1. You have a Compose file.
1. You run a Compose engine on the Compose file:

   - [Compose](https://github.com/docker/compose): The Go reference implementation. Podman Desktop can install and run the engine.
   - [Podman Compose](https://github.com/containers/podman-compose): Alternative Python implementation with native Podman integration. Podman Desktop can install and run the engine.

>    - Another Compose engine, such as Docker Compose. Podman Desktop cannot install or run the engine.

Author: ```suggestion
```
